[DTRA] Maryia/docs: update repo name in README files, package.json and lock files (#612)
deriv-com/smarttrader: README.md

## Quickstart

1. **Fork the project**

   In order to work on your own version of the SmartTrader application, please fork the project.

2. **Clone using SSH**

   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:deriv-com/smarttrader.git
   ```

3. **Enter project directory**

   ```sh
   cd smarttrader
   ```

4. **Add DSmartTrader project as your upstream**

> 

Reviewer: Remove any mentions of DSmarttrader

## Test link deployment
### Deploy your changes on Vercel (Recommended Option)

1. Commit, push your changes, and create a pull request. GitHub Actions will automatically deploy your application and generate a test link.

2.  Register your application [here](https://api.deriv.com/dashboard/). This will give you the ability to redirect back to your deployed page after login.
    Use `<GENERATED_TEST_LINK_URL>/en/logged_inws.html` for the Redirect URL and `<GENERATED_TEST_LINK_URL>/en/redirect.html` for the Verification URL.
    - Have your API token ready from app.deriv.com account in order to register

>     - Make note of your App ID in order to add it to your ClickUp card

Reviewer: I'm not sure why we had this redmine mention here, since this shouldn't make sense to open source contributors. I'd recommend removing this line completely.

Alternatively, you can manually deploy your test link using gh-pages with the following configurations:

### Deploy to your gh-pages for the first time (Alternate Option)

1.  Register your application [here](https://api.deriv.com/dashboard/). This will give you the ability to redirect back to your Github pages after login.

>     Use `https://YOUR_ORGANMIZATION_NAME.github.io/smarttrader/en/logged_inws.html` for the Redirect URL and `https://YOUR_ORGANMIZATION_NAME.github.io/smarttrader/en/redirect.html` for the Verification URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use `https://YOUR_ORGANIZATION_NAME.github.io/smarttrader/en/logged_inws.html` for the Redirect URL and `https://YOUR_ORGAMIZATION_NAME.github.io/smarttrader/en/redirect.html` for the Verification URL.
```

Author: we no longer need organization, will remove it)

Reviewer: Ah, that's true 👍🏻

### Use a custom domain

> In order to use your custom domain, please put it in a file named `CNAME` inside `scripts` folder of your local clone of smarttrader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use your custom domain, please put it in a file named `CNAME` inside `scripts` folder of your local clone of the smarttrader repo.
```
